Wang Xun, you are so brave
How dare you call the shots for this palace
Princess, you misunderstand?
I'm not talking about Dong Qiang
It's not Dong Qiang, who is it?
Of course it's me.
you
Learn to be rich and have five cars to be tall
Go up the hall and down the kitchen
Handsome and meaningful
Of course.
I'm the one who gave up
Princess
What did you say wrong again?
Ben Gong said
The most annoying thing is the self-righteous man
Hey, why don't you get out of here?
Obviously so ordinary, but so confident
Humph man
The emperor was at the Duke's Mansion just now
The person recommended by Wang Xun is not General Dong
Rather like himself
Why are you
I see it.
This is not a cannibalism, and it is not easy to refuse if your mouth is short.
Are you just playing stupid?
The Dong family is powerful
The marriage of the Dong family has benefits and no regrets
pity
Zhang Mingdu likes the Dong family
As for Wang Xun
This kid is scared
I want to eat swan meat
But
Convenient and accurate dishes are really delicious.
Hahaha
Ouch.
Ouch, my stomach hurts when I stand there.